[core] Move stream reconnect logic to getReadable level (#1847)
vercel/workflow: docs/content/docs/foundations/streaming.mdx

This allows clients to reconnect and continue receiving data from where they left off, rather than restarting from the beginning.

<Callout type="warn">
**Vercel: long-lived stream routes need `supportsCancellation`**

> When a route like the one above pipes `run.getReadable()` out to a client on Vercel, the function keeps running — and billing — until the function's configured max duration, even after the client disconnects. Set [`supportsCancellation`](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/functions-api-reference#cancel-requests) in `vercel.json` for routes that stream workflow output so Vercel forwards the client abort signal and tears the invocation down when the client goes away.

Author: ```suggestion
When a route like the one above pipes `run.getReadable()` out to a client on Vercel, the function keeps running — and billing — until the function's configured max duration, even after the client disconnects. Set [`supportsCancellation`](https://vercel.com/docs/functions/request-cancellation) in `vercel.json` for routes that stream workflow output so Vercel forwards the client abort signal and tears the invocation down when the client goes away.
```
